"Never did nature say one thing and wisdom another." - Edmund Burke
"A wise man, recognizing that the world is but an illusion, does not act as if it were real, so he escapes suffering". - Buddha
"He that can compose himself is wiser than he that composes books." - Benjamin Franklin
"It’s the simple things in life that are the most extraordinary; only wise men are able to understand them." - Paulo Coelho
"The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing." - Socrates
"The wisest of the wise may err." - Aeschylus
"It is unwise to be too sure of one's own wisdom. It is healthy to be reminded that the strongest might weaken and the wisest might err." - Mahatma Gandhi
"The wise know too well their weakness to assume infallibility: and he who knows most knows best how little he knows." - Thomas Jefferson
"Wisdom at times is found in folly." - Horace
"The older I grow the more I distrust the familiar doctrine that age brings wisdom." - H. L. Mencken
"Wisdom is a good purchase, though we pay dearly for it." - Dutch Proverb
"Turn your wounds into wisdom." - Oprah Winfrey
"Let me embrace thee, sour adversity, for wise men say it is the wisest course." - William Shakespeare
"The young man knows the rules, but the old man knows the exceptions." - Oliver Wendell Holmes
"Knowledge in youth is wisdom in age." - Proverb
"We seem to gain wisdom more readily through our failures than through our successes. We always think of failure as the antithesis of success, but it isn't. Success often lies just the other side of failure." - Leo Buscaglia
"All this worldly wisdom was once the unamiable heresy of some wise man." - Henry David Thoreau
"Keep me away from the wisdom which does not cry, the philosophy which does not laugh." - Kahlil Gibran
"There is a wisdom of the head, and a wisdom of the heart." - Charles Dickens
"Common sense in an uncommon degree is what the world calls wisdom." - Samuel Taylor Coleridge
"Don't taunt the alligator until after you've crossed the creek." [couldn’t resist including this one: it’s wise and commonsensical, though not really about wisdom as such] - Dan Rather
"Speak less, say more." - Unknown
"Wise men are not always silent, but they know when to be." - Unknown
"Knowledge can be communicated, but not wisdom. One can find it, live it, be fortified by it, do wonders through it, but one cannot communicate and teach it." - Hermann Hesse
"Wisdom is not a product of schooling but of the lifelong attempt to acquire it." - Albert Einstein
"Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit. Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad." - Unknown
"The wise are only once betrayed." - German Proverb
"Wisdom hears one thing and understands three things." - Chinese Proverb
"Arrogance diminishes wisdom." - Arabian Proverb
"A wise man makes his own decisions, an ignorant man follows public opinion." - Chinese Proverb
"Honesty is the first chapter in the book of wisdom." - Thomas Jefferson
"Half a man’s wisdom goes with his courage." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"To conquer fear is the beginning of wisdom." - Bertrand Russell
"Who is wise? He that learns from everyone. Who is powerful? He that governs his passions. Who is rich? He that is content. Who is that? Nobody." - Benjamin Franklin
"The attempt to combine wisdom and power has only rarely been successful, and then only for a short while." - Albert Einstein
"History teaches us that men and nations behave wisely once they have exhausted all other alternatives." - Abba Eban
"It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are." - E.E. Cummings
"Your self-worth is determined by you. You don't have to depend on someone telling you who you are." - Beyoncé
"Nothing is impossible. The word itself says 'I'm possible!'" - Audrey Hepburn
"Keep your face always toward the sunshine, and shadows will fall behind you." - Walt Whitman
“You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose. You're on your own. And you know what you know. And you are the guy who'll decide where to go." - Dr. Seuss
"Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference." - Winston Churchill
"To bring about change, you must not be afraid to take the first step. We will fail when we fail to try." - Rosa Parks
"All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them." - Walt Disney
"Don't sit down and wait for the opportunities to come. Get up and make them." - Madam C.J. Walker
"Champions keep playing until they get it right." - Billie Jean King
"I am lucky that whatever fear I have inside me, my desire to win is always stronger." - Serena Williams
"You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream." - C.S. Lewis
"It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light." - Aristotle
"Believe you can and you're halfway there." - Theodore Roosevelt
"Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one’s courage." - Anaïs Nin
"Just don't give up trying to do what you really want to do. Where there is love and inspiration, I don't think you can go wrong." - Ella Fitzgerald
"Try to be a rainbow in someone's cloud." - Maya Angelou
"If you don't like the road you're walking, start paving another one." - Dolly Parton
"Real change, enduring change, happens one step at a time." - Ruth Bader Ginsburg
"All dreams are within reach. All you have to do is keep moving towards them." - Viola Davis
"It is never too late to be what you might have been." - George Eliot
"When you put love out in the world it travels, and it can touch people and reach people in ways that we never even expected." - Laverne Cox
"Give light and people will find the way." - Ella Baker
"It always seems impossible until it's done." - Nelson Mandela
"Don’t count the days, make the days count." - Muhammad Ali
"If you risk nothing, then you risk everything." - Geena Davis
"Definitions belong to the definers, not the defined." - Toni Morrison
"When you have a dream, you've got to grab it and never let go." - Carol Burnett
"Never allow a person to tell you no who doesn’t have the power to say yes." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"When it comes to luck, you make your own." - Bruce Springsteen
"If you're having fun, that's when the best memories are built." - Simone Biles
"Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor." - Truman Capote
"Hard things will happen to us. We will recover. We will learn from it. We will grow more resilient because of it." - Taylor Swift
"Your story is what you have, what you will always have. It is something to own." - Michelle Obama
"To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people just exist." - Oscar Wilde
"You define beauty yourself, society doesn’t define your beauty." - Lady Gaga
"Optimism is a happiness magnet. If you stay positive, good things and good people will be drawn to you." - Mary Lou Retton
"You just gotta keep going and fighting for everything, and one day you’ll get to where you want." - Naomi Osaka
"If you prioritize yourself, you are going to save yourself." - Gabrielle Union
"No matter how far away from yourself you may have strayed, there is always a path back. You already know who you are and how to fulfill your destiny." - Oprah Winfrey
"A problem is a chance for you to do your best." - Duke Ellington
"You can’t turn back the clock. But you can wind it up again." - Bonnie Prudden
"When you can’t find someone to follow, you have to find a way to lead by example." - Roxane Gay
"There is no better compass than compassion." - Amanda Gorman
"Stand before the people you fear and speak your mind – even if your voice shakes." - Maggie Kuhn
"It’s a toxic desire to try to be perfect. I realized later in life that the challenge is not to be perfect. It’s to be whole." - Jane Fonda
"Vitality shows not only in the ability to persist but in the ability to start over." - F. Scott Fitzgerald
"The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don’t have any." - Alice Walker
"Love yourself first and everything else falls into line." - Lucille Ball
"In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: It goes on." - Robert Frost
